About Us

About the institution

About the institution

Shree Venkateshwara College of Physiotherapy is one among the pioneers in the field of education since 2018 offering undergraduate programs. 
The college has well furnished and ventilated classrooms with AV aids setup.
We have modern labs for Anatomy & Physiology, Exercise Therapy, Electrotherapy, Walking School and advanced Gym. 
The library has a collection of more than 4000 books and national & international subscribed journals. 
We have separate digital library which provides all kind of digital resources and online journals in physical medicine and rehabilitation.
We have a well equipped out patient department which provides the treatment with free of cost

Recognitions & Approvals
The college has been approved by the Government of Tamil Nadu and affiliated to the Tamil Nadu Dr. M.G.R Medical University, Chennai.
 Govt. of Tamilnadu – GO
 Certificate Of Registration – COR
 The Tamil Nadu Dr. M.G.R Medical University Provisional Affiliation – BPT
 The Tamil Nadu Dr. M.G.R Medical University Continuous Provisional Affiliation -2020 – 21
 The Tamil Nadu Dr. M.G.R Medical University Continuous Provisional Affiliation -2021 -22 and 2022 -23

Chairman Message
Thiru. P. VENKATACHALAM
Chairman
“ The secret of life is not enjoyment but education through experience” – Swami Vivekananda
At this juncture , I would like to acknowledge and extend my heartfelt gratitude to all those who have made significant contributions in bringing up the glory of our institution.
I am proud that Shree Venkateshwara college of paramedical sciences, college of physiotherapy has faithfully carried forward the legacy of our group of institutions and year after year, we have created Professionalism and innovation in teaching to serve the humanity.
I hope, the aspiring students will become qualified medical and health care professionals, by making the best choice of selecting this institution for the undergraduate courses.

Secretary Message
Thiru. K.C. KARUPANAN
Secretary
“Challenges set the standard for the rise of talents” – Dr.J.Jayalalitha

It gives me great delight to extend a warm welcome to both, existing and prospective students and their parents to our College. Shree Venkateshwara college of paramedical sciences, college of physiotherapy is committed for carving out best in Youth of today since, I am firmly convinced, that they are the ones who will shape our society’s future and can carry out their duties in framing our country as the land of opportunities for the future generation in the best possible way. Our College strives to nurture the talents, students with a variety of ventures through which they explore the horizons of various dimensions essential for their Holistic development.
The students are exposed to academic arena as well as in different Co- curricular domes which nurture the hidden abilities of our students and make them ready for Placement Pitch.
our institution offers great opportunities for young, talented and motivated students to set up their enterprise and become successful entrepreneurs through various programmes. We aim to inculcate self-assurance, strength, values, trustworthiness and accountability to our aspiring students.


Principal Message

Prof. Nandakumar Ramasamy, MPT Ortho (PhD).,
Principal
I extend my warm greetings to you all. I welcome you to the portal of Shree Venkateshwara College of Paramedical Sciences (College of Physiotherapy) and hope the time you spend here will be fruitful. It is my privilege to serve this wonderful institution as a founder principal since 2018.
Health care is a noble profession and that is proud in times since ages. Physiotherapy is a branch of medical science where the scope is beyond imagination. The blend of medical science with physical movement helps in rehabilitation and an environment of fit mind, body and soul.
The decisive goal of Shree Venkateshwara College of Paramedical Sciences (College of Physiotherapy) is to prepare physiotherapist, who are excellent clinical analyzers, admirable team workers and lifelong learners to practice in various streams of health care delivery system. We strive to maintain high quality faculty who are excellent teachers and expert practitioners whose contributions are mind blogging in the field of physiotherapy.
I welcome all prospering aspirants to our institution for a new beginning. Happy surfing.