Infrastructure

1.Departments

Class Room
We have spacious well ventilated class rooms with AV aids

Anatomy Physiology Lab
We have natural anatomical specimen and bones which helps student for better input and learning. Additionally we provide AV aids for 3 dimentional anatomical images and a special software. Cadaver classes are arranged for better understanding.

Exercise Therapy Department
Exercise therapy provides treatment plan with physical activities through gait training, Neuro re-education and therapeutic activities. Exercise regimen is designed and prescribed to assist patients recovering from diseases and conditions that interfere with their movements and daily activities or maintaining a state of well being.

Our department has got a well equipped exercise therapy lab where students are trained with physiotherapy regimen which helps to improve students ability to achieve the goal of exercise therapy to an optimal level by the end of the intervention. Different exercise techniques are demonstrated in the lab and students are encouraged to practice and gain confidence in performing various skills.

Massage Therapy
We have well furnished, ventilated and spacious room for demonstration and massage therapy

Walking School
Walking school provides a set of exercises which is specifically implemented to help patients to walk better. The school has body weight supported gait training aids and assistive devices which helps the student to rehabilitate the patient.

Electrotherapy Department
A well equipped, spacious and ventilated lab with advanced electrotherapy modalities, which helps the students to learn the advancements in the field of physiotherapy.

OPD
A neatly designed outpatient department with highly equipped advanced modalities with an extensive ambiance. Our students are exposed to different variety of patients in the departments of neurology, orthopaedics, paediatrics and sports physiotherapy. We provide advanced treatment with well trained physiotherapist at free of cost.

2.Gymnasium
Gym
Our gym is one among the well equipped gymnasiums, which provide a good exposure to students for the strength training which is an adjunct to the treatment. It provides a facility to promote physical activity, functional, comfortable and pleasant environment that creates an enjoyable atmosphere for recreation

3.Library
Library
The library has a collection of more than 4000 books, Internet facilities are available for the students in the college and library. The library regularly subscribes National and International journals in Physiotherapy.

4.Computer Lab
Computer Lab
The college has high-tech advanced computers with LAN and internet services through wireless connectivity, and LCD projection systems, hardware and software, digital cameras, printers, scanners, plotters, photocopying machine and video cameras etc.